boy and girl are making out right when
they hear over the radio that this
lunatic killers escaped from an insane
asylum that's not the way it goes
boy goes for help and the girl stays in
the car cheers his scratching sound tell
me Little Miss pre-law what's the charge
for manslaughter for the last year four
friends have kept a secret are you on
drugs I think what is wrong I said but
not all secrets stay buried
somebody sent this to me oh my god
someone knows I know what you did last
summer
Oh what they thought would be a new
beginning toast to us is becoming
outdated somebody tried to kill you last
night we have to go to peace if you want
to be daddy katana and the mistake they
made it was an accident there was no
accident it was murder
what if he's still alive what are you
doing here is coming back to haunt them
did you have to meet you I got a letter
I got one name Helen gets our hair chop
suey gets a body in a trunk and you get
a letter that's violence she's waiting
for wait is he
[Music]
[Applause]
I know what you did last summer
[Music]